In the last two hundred years, humans have raised the carbon in our atmosphere by 50%. Increased carbon in our atmosphere is destroying our earth. It contributes to climate change, pollutes our air,destroys animals habitats, and creates harmful weather. Many people are unaware of how their daily lives effects their carbon footprint. With our project we aim to give people a simple way to track their carbon emissions over time.

The app asks about various components such as transportation, food habits, housing, etc. using this, we then calculate the total carbon emissions in pounds for that day. Once submitted, the data imputed will be stored,and the user will not be able to  submit another entry until the next day. A summary will then be displayed showing what parts of the users lifestyle contribute the most to their carbon footprint, and a graph of their emissions overtime.
The last section will provide the user with strategies and individualized recommendations to improve their carbon footprint based on their personal data. It will also reiterate their lifestyle components that contribute to a better or lower carbon footprint.

We created 5 separate pages. One homepage, a page for each category(housing, transportation, food), and One for summary. Each page has a button to take to the next one. In the category pages, we have input boxes for users to input their data. These inputs are stored and then used later in the summary. In the summary, we scale all inputs to fit within the same timeframe. We then use that info to create a pie chart which shows the percentage of each category. After the user has multiple days of inputs, there will be a graph to show progression of their carbon emissions.
